we need to acronym for all I'm trying to
YouTube alright welcome back to another
video on how you guys don't indulge
especially with this news i just
received um uncharted two it's not only
doing a multiplayer they're doing it
very well in my opinion um kotaku got
some hands-on with the game earlier
today or later yesterday and um they
stated some facts some details only
multiplayer just one here release it to
y'all be you tune it up i hope you enjoy
these details as much as i did alright
with one charge suits multiplayer you
get the standard on all around just
all-american mold ak8 deathmatch um
every guy my favorite has multiplayer
has deathmatch but if you notice most of
the games out there that have deathmatch
basically it's every one of proof right
every man for himself and uncharted two
um is based on team team deathmatch
shoot them before they shoot shoot
basically uncharted to have the standard
five on five start person so you know
who they're trying to prove their we're
going to following uh taking some good
tips from other another game that's
doing a 505 um not to say they're
copying but they are following a good
trend I'm 5050 Midlands vs good people
allies and so forth three-year-olds
include of course we got Drake Sully
including the three main protagonist
from UM uncharted one all right yeah we
get to the covin system cover system was
the main factor that made people believe
that uncharted one could have basically
done when uncharted tues doing which is
multiplayer to cover system under
charter one was extremely down pack I
have to say it was better than Gears of
War just by smidgen because of the fact
that you could actually utilize it in
more of a way other than just hiding
mine and reloading and so forth no you
did you think did the cigs axis thing
and I'll say throw grenades you answer
acting with the wall if you didn't use
the wall you lost you lost the match
basically you couldn't get through a
level without using the wall so yeah
basically they're going to use the
all in this kingdom multiplayer unlike
kills on it's not gonna be a Crouch it's
gonna be you actually use the wall same
way use the wall and single player you
know high behind me low throw grenade um
it get some get some get some breathing
room most handgun bullets flower passion
shoulders you need some leasing space
talk to you teammates on the online no
sound on the headset like yo go kid go
get it go get it kid go get a meteorite
grab behind the tree go get up you need
some breathing room regain some health
when I reload your weapons say a
situation situation for what's obvious
outside of that there's really not much
more you going to use the consistent
there's really not much more you can use
the car system formed besides of course
climbing and then charges multiplayer
you also gave the kind climb up sea doos
leg grab them well um do falls down so i
might get basically a knife cute
especially 111 his shot grab his leg
pulling down the cliff is like lunch
didn't get that Thun Thun and eerie
music and do stay that's it that's one
thank you for you I'm so basically um we
can use the co system for cognitive
walls getting basically 18 kills by
assessing the person's situation of
theory extend like they're pulling down
regain health reloj weapons breathing
room so forth or grenades yes all around
just use it to your advantage alright
the guns have been blended multiplayer
we get the basics you get the crystal
you get the rifle you get to snipe or so
forth to get the bazookas you know I'm
saying you get the rocket launchers and
so forth you get the grenades in
everything else I basically not that
much to you get to fight me you get up
close boom boom boom boom boom and of
course when you climb up and of course
when you do comment walls and pert and
pretty much any situation you will be
exposed to be shot from the back so I'm
gonna have to see how that works out
some people if you go clown wall and
grab his feet pull them down someone had
killed so I'm you trading it off getting
shot actual pull into his leg and
falling off the cliff so basically you
get the basic weapons and then a game
see the basic standards rifle sniper
pistol bazooka grenades and so forth
right this feature is what makes
uncharted tues multiplayer solid okay
they added a ability system okay a k-8
perks call do before basically
this is the unlockables basically
enhancing the character such as
improving improving accuracy while
running with a rifle arm improving
damage improving speed improving just
take your pick it's just improving
trade-offs this for that you want that
and that's it is are you that type of
player do use remains a lot do you need
an extra one or do you run around a lot
you might need to duck a roll a bit
quicker you might need to be able to hug
against a wall tighter to where you have
a less space to get shot and so for that
would be an ability system equal to that
of calling duties or so kotaku saves all
right Naughty Dog's feature feature rich
in the multiplayer is really what it's
gonna pat down uncharted two us
multiplayer to where people will
constantly play it and that is the
currency system um current systems the
carseat system is basically a trade-off
of experience points or loop that you
ain't because you aren't dude game you
gotta remember uncharted is a game based
on collecting gold and devious items
from Aztecs so forth ancient
civilizations you collect those items in
touch basically that's just that's what
drug is drakes the treasure honor so
basically they're deer carcasses I'm
just a trade-off of experience points or
points aren't two games to uh basically
by skills abilities guns so for that
magic character to character you want to
be alright you just can't play
deathmatch all the way around okay some
you online games especially the reason
was that when coming out need to take
that alright me take that and listen to
it you can't just play deathmatch so uh
now your dog installed a feature a game
mode called plunder definition for
plunder um I have yet to know anybody
knows the definition please leave a
comment but um yeah basically plundering
is basically capture the flag there's a
golden item golden golden golden golden
golden statue located in the middle of
them
out you go capture it which a five-man
squat you bring it back first want to do
it means first team to do with the most
of the time limit wins that's basically
what it is blunder is capture the flag
without flags with a golden monkey
statue all right that's all information
I got from you right now for competitive
online uncharted two the multiplayer
game modes abilities and so forth
weapons um they also did kotaku also did
release information on a turn to co-op
three-man co-op i will be making a video
that very soon if I if it's not up yet
it will be up in like the next 20
minutes I'm going to do it right after
this and he just cut the short keep on
saying youtube only allows 10 minutes oh
well actually 10 minutes and 59 seconds
and I'm pretty I'm getting pretty close
to that I'm gonna make me do and stop it
plus the moss and more people will check
out the clock with soy sauce nice deep
blue sea